chore: generated CHANGELOG for origin/release/v52.6.0 (#3431)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 52.6.0 - July 20, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode

- Include SOQL in extension pack ([PR #3400](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3400))

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Update conflict detection setting ([PR #3416](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3416))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update conflict detection setting description ([PR #3416](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3416))
```

## Fixed

#### salesforcedx-sobjects-faux-generator

- Correct LWC typing generation for new projects ([PR #3418](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3418))

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Pr/3282 Use @heroku/functions-core library implementation of 'Start Function' and 'Run Function' ([PR #3399](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3399))

Reviewer 2: Move this to "Added":
```suggestion
- Performance improvements for  `SFDX: Start Function`, `Invoke` and `Debug Invoke` commands ([PR #3399](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3399))
```

> - Retrieve nothing should not error ([PR #3376](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3376))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Conflict detection no longer displays an error for empty results ([PR #3376](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3376))
```

> - Conflict detection no longer displays an error for empty results ([PR #3376](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3376))

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fix conflict detection error for empty results ([PR #3376](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3376))
```

# 52.6.0 - July 23, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode

- Include SOQL in extension pack ([PR #3400](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3400))

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

- Update conflict detection setting description ([PR #3416](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3416))

> - Fix functions dependency issue preventing extensions from loading ([PR #3443](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3443))

Reviewer: Can we move this to fixed section?
